# Art-Resources-Group-Project

Get lost in the art: Great art links to enjoy now

# Paiting: 

Art + Artists
https://americanart.si.edu/art

The Met Collection
https://www.metmuseum.org/art/collection

National Gallery of Art 
https://www.nga.gov/

The Best Paintings Of All Time
https://www.ranker.com/list/best-paintings-all-time/ranker-art

The Most Famous Art Movements and Styles
https://magazine.artland.com/art-movements-and-styles/

# Sculpture: 

Michelangelo
https://www.michelangelo.net/sculptures/

The top famous sculptures of all time
https://www.timeout.com/newyork/art/top-famous-sculptures-of-all-time

A Look at Historyâ€™s Most Famous Sculptures
https://artincontext.org/famous-sculptures/

Statues & Sculptures
https://www.artzolo.com/sculptures-statues

Creative Sculptures And Famous Statues From Around The World
https://www.boredpanda.com/worlds-most-creative-statues-sculptures/?utm_source=google&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=organic

# Films:

IMDb Top Movies
https://www.imdb.com/chart/top/

List of animated short films
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_animated_short_films

The 100 best movies of all time
https://www.timeout.com/film/best-movies-of-all-time

Best Psychological Thriller Movies
https://www.thepioneerwoman.com/news-entertainment/g37320617/best-psychological-thriller-movies/

The 50 Best Movies on Netflix Right Now
https://www.nytimes.com/article/best-movies-netflix.html

# Music:

Pop culture madness
https://popculturemadness.com/PCM/2021/top-100-retro-songs/

The world's greatest singers 
https://www.concerthotels.com/worlds-greatest-vocal-ranges

List of best-selling singles
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_best-selling_singles

Workout Songs to Get You Motivated
https://time.com/5502429/best-workout-songs/

Music streaming service for 2022
https://www.cnet.com/tech/services-and-software/best-music-streaming-service/

# Miscellaneous Art Link's 

Most famous paintings in the world
www.portraitflip.com/blog/famous-paintings/

Best museums in the world ranked
https://www.timeout.com/arts-and-culture/best-museums-and-galleries-in-the-world

Greatest Films of All Time
https://www.bfi.org.uk/sight-and-sound/greatest-films-all-time

Popular Music Genres
https://audiocaptain.com/most-popular-music-genres/

Top Musicians of all time
https://www.laweekly.com/top-20-musicians-of-all-time-in-any-genre-the-complete-list/

The best wire sculptures 
https://www.thecoolist.com/coolest-wire-sculptures/"

Most Expensive Movies 
https://www.mentalfloss.com/article/645745/most-expensive-movies-ever-made

Fine Art and Tips
https://lorimcnee.com/

Zen Habits
https://zenhabits.net/

Cool Hunting
https://coolhunting.com/

Art History Teaching Resources
https://arthistoryteachingresources.org/

NomyMusic
https://www.nomy.nu/webshop/download-music/mp3-atonic-atrocity.html

Rhythm And Strings 
https://www.rhythmandstrings.com/post/2017/07/08/music-can-change-your-brain-music-therapy-and-neuroplasticity

Sculpting for bginners
https://www.kten.com/story/40935116/sculpting-for-beginners-9-essential-tips-and-tricks-to-get-started

# Names Eliana
